Wobbly Myrtle Mantaray

medium

# Large amounts of points can still be minted virtually without any cost


## Summary

Large amounts of points can be minted virtually without any cost. The points are intended to be used to exchange something of value. A malicious user could abuse this to obtain a large number of points, which could obtain excessive value and create unfairness among other protocol users.

## Vulnerability Detail

Take a look at the previous report [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney-judging/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen++Large+amounts+of+points+can+be+minted+virtually+without+any+cost)  to get the context.

Issue was tagged a `will Fix` however going through the attack route as explained in the report on the current codebase, we can see that the only applied change is the query to [vault.checkSkewMax()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-flat-money-fix-review-contest/blob/539341fdc92090c48792c454e35e5d739ee62820/flatcoin-v1/src/StableModule.sol#L127), where we now have the withdrawal fee passed to correctly assert that the system will not be too skewed towards longs after additional skew is added, however in a case where `totalSupply() = 0` i.e during the final withdrawal the [executeWithdraw()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-flat-money-fix-review-contest/blob/539341fdc92090c48792c454e35e5d739ee62820/flatcoin-v1/src/StableModule.sol#L93-L138) function does not charge any fee whatsoever, leaving the protocol still vulnerable to the [referenced report](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney-judging/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen++Large+amounts+of+points+can+be+minted+virtually+without+any+cost).

## Impact

Large amounts of points can be minted virtually without any cost. The points are intended to be used to exchange something of value. A malicious user could abuse this to obtain a large number of points, which could obtain excessive value from the protocol and create unfairness among other protocol users.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-flat-money-fix-review-contest/blob/539341fdc92090c48792c454e35e5d739ee62820/flatcoin-v1/src/StableModule.sol#L93-L138

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Impose withdraw fee even for the final/last withdrawal so that no one could abuse this exception to perform any attack that was once not profitable due to the need to pay withdraw fee.
